**CLoud Security Profile 

Hi I am currently working as a Cloud Security architect specalized in DevSecOps, Cloud Security & Digital business transformation. I am currently helping teams acheving multi-cloud strategy and creating secure landing zone following best well architectured principles. 

In my current role. 
  1. I create reference architecture to create secure landing zone on AWS that has roboust security controls and multi-account hierarchial model containing DevSecOps, Network isolation, IAM etc. 
  
  2. I help creating IAM Roles and polices and integrate with Clients IDP Provider for both authentication and authorization. I also help implement both RBAC & ABAC and work on identity monitoring. 

  3. From Networking standpoint, i do work on hub and spoke networking model leveraging multiple services like Virtual Networks, subnets, security groups, route tables, Next Gen firewalls(transit gateways) etc. 

  Beyond this, I also have experience in AWS Sheild Antiddos and also AWS WAF, CDN.  
  
  4. From Posture Management & Compliance, i do have hands on experience on AWS Security hub which is CSPM(Cloud Security Posture Management) and have experience in Guard duty which is threat protection in AWS. Beyond this i also have experience on Prisma cloud, orca security (recent as well)
  
  5. From cyber defense and soc, i do have experience on SIEM tools like Qradar, Splunk, Azure Sentinel and i help creating playbooks and responsible for handling soc and digital forensics. 

  6. From endpoint security, i do have hands on experience on TVM tools like Tenable and EDR tools like crowdstrike and beyond this , i do have experience on installing mandatory agents and hardening of windows and linux machines and implementing automated image management (Golden AMI) & Patch management using AWS Systems Manager. 

  7. from Data security standpoint, i have experience in encryption @ rest and transit, encryption, encoding, hasing, masking & tokenizing data. I have experience enabling security controls in different phases of Data lifecycle. 

  8. from container security, i do have hands on experience in implementing cloud native container security solutions and integrating with CI/CD Pipleines to scan kubernetes deployment yaml files and also do security monitoring of our applications using prometheus and grafana. 

  Beyond this i do have hands on experience on DevSecOps and integrating SAST & DAST tools to the CI/CD tools like jenkins, AWS DevOps stack like Code pipeline, code commit and code build. 


  Overall this is about me at a high level, i will be open for any questions. 


---- 

I am currently workign as a Cloud Security engineer and i am specalized in Multi-Cloud Like AWS, Azure, security engineering, devsecops, network security, virtualization and automation. 

In my current role, i am currently helping teams 

1. Create secure landing zone in AWS & Azure and configuring network topologies like Hub and spoke networking and configuring cloud firewalls, IDS and IPS. 
2. I having hands on experience in Identity & Acess management, creating least privileged access control, RBAC & ABAC. 
3. I have hands on experience in Security engineering, automating security tasks like monitoring and logging, configuring security controls using shell scripting, powershell and briefly in python. 
4. i have hands on experience in CI/CD and using pipelines like Jenkins to automate lot of tasks corresponding to configuration, automation etc. 
5. in my current role, i help teams creating security blue prints and reference architectures for applications deployed on cloud. 
6. i conduct architecture reviews and threat modelling sessions with teams to evaluate the threats and suggest counter measures to different type of threats. 
7. Apart from doing security engineering, 30% of my role also involvs working on security operations using tools like Sentinel SIEM, qradar, splunk, tanium, qualys, kenna, AWS guard duty and security hub. 

Beyond this i also support in various security initiatives and projects in my organization and do research and do proof of concepts, this is abiout me at high level, i will be open for any questions. 

